hey everybody against us DM here and
today I am going to look at a demo on
skate 3 yes I absolutely loved skates
who I thought was one of the greatest
games of the year so when I just want to
show you I'm just gonna do a walkthrough
on the demo you know you can learn the
basics and stuff so let's coach Frank
and he's gonna learn you some so he
just gonna say yes then basically first
thing you're gonna do is I'm going on
stuff first coach Frank signature method
you're gonna learn how to push to get
speed turn the car and adjust your speed
by power slide power slide yeah he sure
does so the first thing is well pleased
you're just gonna push around with your
skateboard or a and X or X and stayed
inside these markers and you that's very
much harder gotta do it and then as we
reach the end of this lesson I'm going
to do a little celebration trick because
I did it yay oh and celebration drink Oh
almost underline it but yes now the next
thing is all Ian how did you can skate
around you need to learn your first
maneuver see ollie haha now the ollie is
done is you
here I guess your skateboard to job
never thought that would be possible man
i seriously love this character he's
awesome coach frank bennett bring him so
he's just gonna show you to do an ollie
if you are if it's the first time you're
playing this skate game and i was just
jumping over since some things and the
last one here is gonna come on replay
and my favorite character falls on close
rank it I'll 11 well as we reach the end
I will do a celebration for it and I
landed this time yes nailed it now the
next one is to flip doing a flip trick
now let them talk
okay well pretty basically just it's
just going to show you some flip tricks
that you are going to do a lot in this
game breezy and the last year here is a
nollie and then you'll finish with this
lesson I I just going to say some false
about this game i really think that it's
awesome well my favorite games speak
soon of all time and i'm really excited
to the full game here so i'm just going
to wait my room now you and the next
thing of course is to grind it's pretty
easy just kind of doing all ER in all
your flip shake whatever on on this
ledge and then that's it you can do that
three times and this was the second last
time I believe and when I reach the end
here I'm gonna do it also breaks in fact
II didn't now the last lesson you go you
are gonna learn is in two places session
microwaves go coach Frank you'll use
session Marcus go back hit objects again
and again you should get used to play
succession markers and using them since
walking sucks yeah that's what I hate
pork incidentally thank God for session
marking so we're just gonna hold left
bumble down and press down and then
you're gonna do trick I'm gonna like the
little sketchy here okay and then you've
got a cold left bumper down and press up
and you're back fantastic that's pretty
much all you gotta do and that was
basically the end of my video and I
really really am looking forward to this
game he's been coming out and this was
part one of my video there are more
videos come this was about the basics
and here is gonna ask you
do you want to learn some more you want
to learn darkslides and all of it and if
you say so what if you asking say no to
hit the streets you're gonna learn and
that is awesome I have some more video
coverage of this game and and that's
going to be our own YouTube a while um
well I'll see you guys goodbye I'm a cm
thanks for watching my video form of its
gone to my channel